Some more website changes (#5705)
sorbet/sorbet: website/docs/cli.md

Matches must be against whole component parts, so `foo` matches `/foo/bar.rb`
and `/bar/foo/baz.rb` but not `/foo.rb` or `/foo2/bar.rb`.

## Accepting autocorrect suggestions

> From time to time, Sorbet suggests autocorrects that can be accepted to
> automatically fix certain errors. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For certain errors, Sorbet suggests autocorrects that can be accepted to
automatically fix said errors. For example:
```

I don't know what the right phrasing is, but "From time to time" evokes Sorbet doing things on a whim for me.

```ruby
sig {params(xs: T::Array[Integer]).void}
def example(xs)
  xs[0] + 1 # error: Method `+` does not exist on `NilClass` component
end

example([1, 2, 3])
```

[→ View on sorbet.run](https://sorbet.run/#%23%20typed%3A%20true%0Aextend%20T%3A%3ASig%0A%0Asig%20%7Bparams%28xs%3A%20T%3A%3AArray%5BInteger%5D%29.void%7D%0Adef%20example%28xs%29%0A%20%20xs%5B0%5D%20%2B%201%0Aend%0A%0Aexample%28%5B1%2C%202%2C%203%5D%29)

In this example, Sorbet does not think that the `+` method always exists,
because `xs[0]` might be `nil` if the `xs` list is empty.

In this example, though, we know that the `xs` array will always be non-empty.
If, as the programmer, we know this invariant will always hold, we can use

> `T.must` to fix the problem. Sorbet even suggests that the error message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`T.must` to fix the problem. Sorbet even suggests that with the error message:
```

```
editor.rb:6: Method `+` does not exist on `NilClass` component of `T.nilable(Integer)` https://srb.help/7003
     6 |  xs[0] + 1
                ^
  Got `T.nilable(Integer)` originating from:
    editor.rb:6:
     6 |  xs[0] + 1
          ^^^^^
  Autocorrect: Use `-a` to autocorrect
    editor.rb:6: Replace with `T.must(xs[0])`
     6 |  xs[0] + 1
          ^^^^^
Errors: 1
```

To accept this suggestion, we can re-run Sorbet with the `-a` or `--autocorrect`
command line flag:

```
❯ srb tc --autocorrect
```

### Limiting autocorrect suggestions

By default, Sorbet will apply **all** autocorrect suggestions when the `-a` or
`--autocorrect` flag is provided. To only have Sorbet apply some autocorrect
suggestions, use the `--isolate-error-code` flag with a Sorbet error code. For
example, using the error code in the above error message:

```
❯ srb tc --autocorrect --isolate-error-code=7003
```

The `--isolate-error-code` option can be repeated with different error codes to
have Sorbet apply autocorrects for all the mentioned error codes, but no others.

There is no way to have Sorbet **only** apply autocorrect suggestions in a given

> file. Instead, use a version control system to undo changes autocorrect changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file. Instead, use a version control system to undo autocorrect changes
```

present** in the codebase. Using `T.unsafe` to silence the existing errors makes
it easy to quickly upgrade to the new version, effectively locking newly-written
code from suffering from that Sorbet bug. It's always possible to audit old
usages of `T.unsafe`. Sorbet gets better with each release, and upgrading Sorbet
early and often is usually less work over time.

Sorbet also allows customizing the unsafe suggestions: given
`--suggest-unsafe=<custom method>`, Sorbet will use the `<custom method>` in
place of `T.unsafe` in all suggestions. For example:

```
❯ srb tc --suggest-unsafe=XXX.sorbet_0_5_1234 --autocorrect
```

This would cause case Sorbet to suggest converting `x` in the example above to
`XXX.sorbet_0_5_1234(x)`. It would then be possible to define a module like
this:

```ruby
module XXX
  # Automatically-suppressed error during upgrade to Sorbet version 0.5.1234
  #
  # If you see this method used in a file your team owns, consider removing the
  # call and fixing the resulting error, or replacing it with `T.unsafe` if the
  # error cannot be fixed.
  def self.sorbet_0_5_1234(x); x; end
end
```

A method named like this sticks out in the codebase as a flag to potential

> developers that something has been automatically silenced vs been manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
developers that something has been automatically silenced instead of being manually
```

This is less parallel, but avoids the "vs" abbreviation, which I think is marginally better.  Feel free to rewrite to a more parallel construction.
